Course content
6 sections • 34 lectures • 4h 42m total length
Introduction to the course
08:10
Tapping your story telling Inspiration—know what stories you want to tell.
06:35
The power of an unmoving camera in storytelling
13:47
Using pans and zooms to enhance your story
06:13
Best practices when moving your camera
07:06
Lenses and perspective and how they impact your story
06:15
The rules for using backgrounds in your storytelling
08:17
More secrets to using backgrounds to tell compelling stories
02:43
Final thoughts on handling your camera like a pro
04:15
Understanding the power of audio in creating compelling stories
03:31
Section-2 summary
04:20
Understand the basics of lighting
05:17
A little bit more about using lighting to create captivating stories
06:57
Making your drone part of the story
10:19
The power of time lapses and how to use them in storytelling
14:17
Constructing a story in camera: Using audio to lead the story
08:06
Constructing a story in camera: Capturing the story when the unexpected happens
12:42
Constructing a story in camera: Rules for the self-shooter
07:56
The power of B-roll footage in telling stories
08:52
More about B-roll footage
13:34
The best rule for capturing and using B-roll footage
08:41
Scripts. Are they needed in storytelling?
04:44
The rules for keeping your audience entranced
05:57
Editing. A technical introduction
11:51
Links to free editing software
03:47
The basics on opening your story
13:53
Constructing your story opening
01:44
The Opening of a Series
06:57
Avoiding amateur traps with transitions
06:39
Working with music: Enhance an existing emotion
11:24
Working with music and sound effects: Create emotion
12:01
The dig-deep method of choosing music that wins every time
10:52
Pulling your story together
06:50
The final video. My most recent story.
18:03
Requirements
Any kind of camera that can shoot video. It doesn't matter what. And you'll need a microphone.
A computer or laptop for video editing. It can't be really old, but also doesn't need to be fancy and expensive.
Hopefully you have a desire to captivate an audience with your video storytelling skills.
You should be able to use a PC or Apple Mac at a basic level.
Description
Do you want to be a filmmaker? Most video courses focus on teaching how to get better footage. And that's a good first step. But this course will do far more. It will teach you how to weave great footage into an even greater story, regardless of how mundane or ordinary the topic may be.

I'm a TV producer, director and editor. My shows have been on major networks in many countries. I've been doing this for 38 years. And no matter where your videos will be displayed, you need to know the content of this course. Most of it you will not find in any other course, mainly because I think most video instructors don't appreciate just how important it is.

So, if you wish to entertain an audience, which means to have them enjoy your videos and look forward to more, good storytelling is the key. The best footage in the world is just not enough unless its crafted into a tight and engaging story. And capturing footage suitable for telling a story is what you will learn here. It begins before the shoot, continues during the shoot and on well into the editing room. Let's begin . . .

You'll learn these things:

Different cameras and what makes them different.

Good videography is less about fancy expensive equipment and more about telling a story.

How to determine what kind of videos you want to make, and what equipment is needed.

Camera equipment is the great temptation. How to avoid spending on things that are promoted as needed, when all they do is briefly satisfy the ego.

How to shoot a scene to tell a story. Shooting is not just about 'getting great footage'. It's about capturing elements to tell a story during the shoot.

Learn the mind space one should use to tell a story as its being shot. This is necessary because creating a story after the footage is shot, sets one up for failure in the edit.

Why should shooting and editing not be regarded as seperate processes.

Pans, zooms, top-shots, eye-lines, white-balance, B-roll and more. Not only how to get them right, but why they work in a story. Your footage will look like a pro's shot it. And when you begin your edit, you'll love me for it!

For example, I'll not only tell you what a pan is, how to shoot a smooth one, but more importantly, why would a pan work in a story.  Nobody ever teaches this stuff!

B-roll footage? Techniques for extreme efficiency in footage gathering.

Audio.  Techniques for extreme efficiency in audio content gathering.

Editing software choices and links to free edit software that is, surprisingly, absolutely brilliant. It's also free, and I still use it. Wow!

Editing techniques. I'll teach some simple rules that'll turn your audience's heads. 

Editing can be intimidating, because in many ways, its the most difficult part. But it's actually quite easy as long as the footage gathered is done with the story in mind. I'll teach you how this is done.

How to avoid the amateur traps; the shooting and editing techniques that might look cool, but actually shout 'beginner here!'.

Look like a pro right from the start!

Music and how to find it, know its right, and use it properly.

And a lot more.

I hope you will enjoy and learn much from spending this time with me.

Join over 32 000 of my students from 154 countries!

Who this course is for:
For anyone who wants to shoot videos, but has some, a little or no previous experience.
For anyone who wants to start, or has just started a YouTube channel.
For anyone who has been shooting video for a while, but has not learnt how to create and tell stories.
Many experienced videographers will learn something here, which will probably be the creative elements taught in this course
For anyone who has experience shooting still photos, but wants to move into making videos. You will love this course!