Course content
7 sections • 26 lectures • 1h 0m total length
Welcome to This Course
04:17
Where Model Videography Can Take You
03:13
Common Fears & Solutions
04:14
Let's Talk About Nudity
04:00
Introduction
01:06
Finding Your Unique Style
03:38
Crafting the Concept
02:56
Choosing the Location
04:00
Module 3 Summary & Cheatsheet
00:10
Finding a model
00:52
Finding New Faces
03:11
Finding Models Online
03:28
Casting Calls
02:02
Live Events
02:10
Collaborations with Photographers
02:01
Module 4 Summary & Cheatsheet
00:10
My First Model
02:42
Initial message
02:50
Pre-Shoot call
02:12
Module 5 Summary & Cheatsheet
00:10
Introduction to Module 6
00:55
The Etiquette
03:26
Directing the Model
04:02
Module 6 Summary & Cheatsheet
00:10
Start of a Journey
02:35
Bonus Lecture
00:10
Requirements
Be passionate about videography
Any kind of video and editing equipment
A will to go out of your comfort zone
Desire to take action, not only learn theory
Description
Do You Feel Like Losing Inspiration? ...

You're a skilled videographer. Your clients like your work. But perhaps something is missing, every project feels the same – another corporate video, another product launch, another marketing campaign. Year in, year out. This may be a good sign to start experimenting with new directions in life and career.

Remember that creative spark that made you fall in love with videography? It's being smothered by routine. You're ready for something more artistic, more inspiring. Well it's never too late to start something new, especially if you're already working for clients, have your own equipment and now how to create professional videos.
