Course content
5 sections • 32 lectures • 3h 56m total length
Introduction
04:43
What camera for what video
09:13
Microphones
14:53
Tripods
04:23
Action cameras
08:20
Choose your frame size
05:14
Choosing your frame rate
08:37
Depth of field/focus and the lens aperture
02:33
How lenses work, and a bit about camera brands
07:28
Beware of becoming a slave to equipment
02:59
Lenses
08:42
Best composition techniques
05:36
Presenting to Camera
04:36
Sound is important. VERY, VERY important
07:52
Microphones and auto-audio recordings
02:22
Find the story while shooting Part-1
10:12
Find the story while shooting. Part-2
04:21
Storytelling part-1
10:36
What's the Story?
09:12
Working with Backgrounds
08:17
The 4-Second Shooting Rule
08:01
Perspective and detail
04:11
Eyelines
02:22
Editing. Software. Basics.
05:56
Handling your media/footage
10:46
Let's start editing
10:31
Editing part-2
13:19
Editing to Music
09:32
Transitions. Don't ruin your videos.
06:40
Music Choice. Don't ruin your videos.
08:52
How to Make a Video. From idea to release.
09:32
Conclusion and summary
06:36
Requirements
You need to have a camera, no matter how basic.
You need to have an external microphone to connect to the camera, no matter how basic.
You need to have a computer or laptop suitable for editing footage and sound.
Description
I made this course because most How-To-Make-Videos courses leave the students high and dry, often learning lots about the gear, half of which they don't need, but little or nothing about the creative parts that make people want to watch the videos they make!

And this is because teaching about gear is easy! The creative side, far less so. And making great videos in not rocket science. I'm not a wedding videographer. I'm a professional filmmaker, having 30 years of TV commercials and documentaries and dramas under my belt. Having been through that, I now make my own films with a global audience of millions. (over 75 million views and 300K+ subs on YouTube).

Lesson-1. It's not the gear that makes videos good. It's the ability to tell stories.

Lesson-2. If your soundtrack isn't good, your video w