Course content
1 section • 23 lectures • 4h 51m total length
Giriş
08:17
Introduction to Outdoor Shooting
02:19
Shooting Class Part 1: Close-up Shot, Mid Shot, Wide Shot
08:27
Shooting Class Part 2: Shooting Techniques And Extra Tips
06:03
Editing Class Part 1: Introduction To Editing, Choosing The Right Footages
03:42
Editing Class Part 2: Eliminating The Videos
08:22
Editing Class Part 3: Choosing The Song, Editing Right To The Rythym Of The Song
12:13
Editing Class Part 4: Planning The Video And Editing To The Song
07:47
Editing Class Part 5: Editing To The Rhythm Of The Song - Part 2
06:22
Editing Class Part 6: Editing To The Rhythm Of The Song - Part 3
08:17
Editing Class Part 7: Transitions
10:26
Editing Class Part 8: Introduction To Color Correction
10:01
Editing Class Advanced- 1: Opacity (Blend Mode), Lens Flares, Old Film Effect
23:47
Editing Class Advanced- 2: Text, Split Screen, Nest, Stabilize Shaky Footages
25:57
Editing Class Advanced- 3: Color Grading with Lumetri Color
22:34
Shooting Class Part 3: White Balance, Rule Of Thirds, Using Equipment
18:17
Shooting Class Part 4: Filter Effect, Advanced Usage Of Steadicam, Slider,Tripod
09:10
Editing Class Advanced- 3: Keyframes
26:54
Editing Class Advanced- 4: Speed, Crop And Mask Tricks
18:44
Editing Class Advanced-5: Color Correction And Grading With Magic Bullet Looks
21:44
Editing Class Advanced- 6: Super Slow Motion With Twixtor
10:32
Editing - Color Grading Bonus
02:12
Summary
18:56
Requirements
Have the passion for videography
Have the basic information from my previous course "Wedding Videography: Shooting And Editing Basics"
Have a DSLR camera
Have the software Adobe Premiere Pro CC
Description
This will be a great journey for you to learn wedding videography and start a wedding business in your area. We will shoot and edit together for you to learn shooting and editing wedding videos. 

After you finish this course, you will learn a lot for shooting and editing wedding videos. Watching me doing what i always do on field will give you great idea about how to shoot wedding videos. You will learn how to shoot professional videos with your DSLR camera. Canon, Nikon or any other brand. You will not only master your skills in wedding videography, you will also master your skills in videography for both shooting and editing details.

And watching me editing over my shoulder will give you great idea for editing many videos you shot. Planning, choosing the right song, editing to the song and other details like transitions, color correction and color grading will help you produce amazing videos.