Course content
4 sections • 21 lectures • 2h 26m total length
Introduction
02:57
Filmmaking - Start Your Journey!
08:30
How to effectively use the project budget?
09:18
Presentation for client. Treatment
04:49
Why is it important to make a showreel, CV, presentation
07:00
What is pre-production? Choosing a team
05:01
Choosing a camera. The basics of camera setup
09:13
Types of shooting equipment and technical solutions
09:49
Lenses. What types exist, what is the difference?
11:51
Types of shots. Why shoot different plans?
07:18
Сomposition. Types and rules
08:50
Camera angles. Types
07:27
180 degree rule, how to position cameras?
04:39
Depth of field
04:38
ND filters. What are they for?
04:05
Multicam. Recording video and sound
05:07
Camera Movement
10:06
DOP and DIR vision of the project
05:34
Light. Light schemes like in the movies, what is the basic rule?
07:24
Blocking the scene
12:22
Conclusion
00:36
Requirements
This course is designed for beginners in video creation.
While any prior experience is beneficial, it’s not required.
Any camera that can shoot video—whether it's a smartphone, budget, expensive—will be useful
You are dedicated to spend time on practicing what you'll learn in this course
Description
In "Cinematic Videography" we'll dive into all aspects of a cinematographer's work, from the fundamental knowledge of camera setup to the mastery of controlling light and camera movement. We'll look at how to choose the right angle, consider frame composition, and create visual narrative motivation so that each shot tells a story.

I will share the secrets of professionals that will help you not only shoot, but also bring your vision to life by creating meaningful and visually beautiful shots.

4 modules

21 video lessons

More than 2 hours of structured video lessons