Course content
11 sections • 61 lectures • 6h 20m total length
Introduction: What You'll Learn in this Course
05:03
What is Vlogging Now and Can You Still Do it in 2025?
06:29
What to make your vlogs about
09:41
Basic is Better, it's a Vlog...
02:51
Cameras Options Explained
13:14
Audio Options Explained
08:08
Lighting Options Explained
05:35
Editing Software Options Overview (Free & paid)
06:27
Your Vlogs Purpose Dictates Every Decision...
04:46
Your Ideal Channel Viewer...
05:31
Researching Your Vlogs
06:06
Breaking Down Your Vlogs Structure
05:33
Working Out Your Vlogs Branding
05:47
Repurposing Your Content for Growth and Exposure
06:27
What we'll cover here
02:04
Planning Your Vlog (topic and pre-shoot plan)
06:43
Vlog With Me in real Time
23:25
Editing That Vlog & Music (see me edit)
15:40
Packaging (Title & Thumbnail )
05:28
See the Final Vlog We Just Made Together
06:23
Make Your Own Test Vlog
1 question
Why Use YouTube Over Other Sites (& Your Options)
04:28
How YouTube Works & How It (and You) Make Money
07:43
YouTube Algorithm (CTR & Watch Time)
08:38
YouTube Don'ts
05:25
Introduction
05:54
How to Create a Channel
05:57
YouTube Studio Layout Overview
09:03
Channel Art
08:16
Channel Description
06:10
Channel Trailer
04:34
Monetization Set Up
06:54
Fairuse and Copyright
09:53
Intro
01:44
Topic
04:19
Thumbnails
08:12
Title and Title Template
07:11
Description
04:52
Tags
04:26
Cards
03:41
Endscreen
02:42
Time of Day Release is Important!
03:57
Other Social Medias (FB and Instagram)
05:51
Uploading a Video step-by-step
09:20
What Analytics to look out for
08:19
Video Views and making money from Ads
05:49
Live Donations
02:57
Memberships
02:48
Merchandise
03:30
Affiliate Links
03:52
Sponsored Posts
06:28
Selling Products
02:41
Course conclusion
00:42
AI Update! Why you need this now...
01:35
What is AI and Why use it Now with YouTube (& all social medias)?
02:41
AI to enhance your channel niche selection (and content topics)
14:04
AI for the different YouTUbe titles needed (discovery & searched)
09:24
AI Generated Images for FREE for Thumbnails
08:23
Scripts and Video Structures with Free AI tools (& prompts explained)
03:19
Making Video with Ai! Amazing!
08:39
Think about what else we could be using AI for with YouTube and Social Medias...
01:26
September 2024 YouTube Page Layout Change Explained
02:57
Requirements
No experience necessary, just a phone or camera needed
Description
This course has everything you need to know about vlogging! How to film; plan a video, what's needed in a successful video and come with me filming and editing as I create a vlog so you can see how it can be done (from a practical stand point).

This course is created so you have a hands-on guide for how to create vlogs and the extras for how to upload on YouTube or take these learnings for filming, editing, planning and add them to your own site, facebook, instagram and more!

Note: If you have the YouTube Beginner to Pro course by me, the extra sections in here about how to create a channel are the same. This course is packed with so much for someone looking how to practically film, edit and plan a vlog, what's needed; and then the how to ac