Course content
16 sections • 59 lectures • 6h 10m total length
Take a Look! An Overview of this Course
03:41
My 3 Critical Tips for Success
02:49
New Material Added!
01:56
10 Tips to Be Comfortable + Confident on Camera
5 pages
Your Personal VIDEO Challenge - The Details!
3 questions
Worksheet: Build an Unstoppable Mindset for Success
5 pages
Release Your Fears of Being On Camera RIGHT NOW
06:52
Identify the Negative Voices that Have Been Holding You Back
04:41
Energy Medicine: Techniques to Release Your Fear
07:03
Your Anchoring Statement: Retrain Your Mind for Success
05:15
Start Now: The Secret of Practicing in Everyday Situations
04:46
How to Practice Without Anyone Knowing
05:53
My 5 Tips to Delight Your Audience + Leave Them Wanting More
03:20
Tip 1: Know Your Audience: Your Ideal Student
03:02
Tip 2: Keeping Your Content Short + Sweet
02:12
Tip 3: How to Love the Lens (My Post-It trick!)
02:54
Tip 4: The Importance of Adding Calls to Action
02:37
Tip 5: The Power of Practice
02:55
To Script or Not to Script? Structuring Your Talking Points
08:27
Crafting Your Material: Planning What You Want to Say
2 pages
Script Templates for Making Your Videos
00:03
The “IT” Factor: Build Your On-Camera Presence + Shine
03:29
Dressing the Part: What Clothes to Wear… It Matters!
04:54
Hair and Make-Up Tips: How to Polish Your Look Even More
05:18
My Guide to Looking + Feeling Great On Camera
5 pages
Body Language: How to Project Confidence
05:07
To Sit or Stand? Best Practices to Deliver Your Material
02:27
Your Body + Voice: Learn How to Express Yourself Effortlessly
3 pages
Your Voice: Exercises for Clarity, Flexibility and Ease
04:54
The Equipment You Need to Get Started
04:10
Getting Started: Equipment You Need to Get Started
5 pages
My Personal Favorite Pieces of Equipment
05:38
Mount your Phone to the Window!
02:29
Behind the Scenes: My Studio Tour
03:57
The Background: How to Set Up Your Space
03:56
Using a Tripod with Your Smartphone
02:14
Autofocus: How to Stay in Focus on an iPhone
01:22
Using Your Computer As Your Camera
04:34
TRUE STORY: My Instant Studio in a Pinch
03:06
Lighting Basics: The Key To Looking Your Best On Camera
03:21
Lighting Tips: Finding Your Ideal Light - Office Demonstration!
05:28
Do It Yourself Lighting Kit: A Low Cost Solution!
03:09
Hi! I'm Alexa. This is my story.
04:05
Vocal Warm-Up: Guest Lecturer Tessa Auberjonois
11:30
Time Management: Setting Realistic Goals + Expectations
04:40
Relaxation Techniques Before You Film
04:06
MY VIDEO: How to Make a Great Cup of Coffee Using an Aeropress
03:46
Video on the Go! (A true story)
07:40
Why Video Beats an Article or Voice-Over Every Time
03:07
Create Your Goal: Ways to Feature Videos in your Course
05:20
Types of Videos to Create to Boost Student Engagement
04:54
Let’s Brainstorm! Video Creation Idea List + Resource Guide
2 pages
Richard: Take ONE - His video and my response
06:53
Richard: Take TWO - His video and my response
05:39
Errette: Take ONE - His video and my response
08:25
Errette: Take ONE - His video and my response
03:13
Meet Jen: How do I talk about myself and my work "naturally"?
42:02
My BLOOPERS. (Yep! Enjoy.)
02:06
Scott's Story
01:05:00
A Guided Visualization for Wellbeing
20:37
Requirements
You will need to have a device that can capture video - a smartphone, webcam, digital recorder is fine.
Basic lighting equipment can improve the look of your video, but is not necessary
Additional sound equipment can improve sound quality, but again, is not necessary.
Description
It's time to be amazing on video... And you can do it, I promise you.

Video is one of the most powerful tools to connect with your audience. The thought of putting yourself on camera might seem intimidating at first, but when you know how to do it with ease + confidence - people notice.

And why is this so important? Because people do business (and buy courses!) from individuals they like and trust. And when they can connect with them - by seeing them on camera - they become fans (and students!) for life.

Being on camera is not about playing a role, it's about being yourself - free from inhibition and fear. It's about sharing your most authentic self, in a way that is so engaging, people feel like they know you. In this class, I cover the exact skills you need to: