Course content
7 sections • 43 lectures • 3h 23m total length
Meet Andrew St.Pierre White and learn what this course is about.
05:16
Introduction
04:00
The fine art of storytelling
02:09
Why we don't talk much about equipment.
01:37
Be clear as to what kind of video you want to make
03:08
More about the kind of films do you want to make. A task to help.
02:52
Are you ready to learn how to make great videos?
1 question
Working with professional directors and crew
12:27
The single most important thing taught in this course. Watch this first.
05:49
The five keys to great storytelling.
01:06
Why audio is so important to storytelling
05:32
Audio versus images.
01:23
Understanding the power of audio.
02:39
The Keys to great storytelling
2 questions
Why some photographers become great filmmakers, and others don't. Video.
04:47
Making the change easy.
01:46
A still photo, plus emotion through audio, is a video.
02:33
The 4-Second Rule. The key to getting lots of options for the edit.
08:01
Shooting for the edit
01:36
How are stories told on video? TASK
04:26
4-second rule - TASK
01:29
The Four Second Rule
2 questions
What do editors want? Part-1.
07:57
What do editors want? Part-2.
08:36
Detail inspires the audience
10:45
Editing in-camera versus shooting for the edit
06:23
Gun and Run shooting for the edit
03:07
Holding the camera steady. Video presentation.
07:41
A useful little quiz
4 questions
Avoid the Amateur traps
05:11
Shooting Interviews
06:38
Lenses and their affect on composition
01:30
White Balance. Video presentation.
03:38
Light is Everything
03:52
Perspective
02:21
Being a presenter
03:46
Presenting part-2
05:13
Another useful little quiz
6 questions
Camcorders
05:46
DSLR cameras and their advantages and disadvantages for filmmakers.​
04:22
Mirrorless stills cameras for video
02:20
Microphones
08:11
Action cameras
05:46
Uses for action cameras that are a little unusual.
06:42
Filters are needed to improve an image's look
03:49
Bitrates and Frame rates
05:23
Recording audio
02:04
What camera should I use?
1 question
Conclusion and introduction to the editing course
09:41
Requirements
You will need video camera, or still camera with video capability.
Your camera can be any HD camera. It can be basic, or high-end. It does not matter, because, like the best stove doesn't make a great chef, a great camera does not make a great filmmaker
You should have some video shooting experience. This course is intermediate.
Ideally, you should also have some basic understanding of video editing using computers.
Description
Do you want to understand the creative techniques broadcast pros use when shooting for a TV show?

Would you like to be taught by a genuine TV broadcast professional?

Do you want to improve the quality of your videos, to the point where your audience can't get enough?

Are you moving from still photography to video, and are not finding it easy?

Are your videos just not getting noticed and shared on your YouTube channel?

As a professional video cameraperson, are you not getting noticed because your work is technically fine, but not creatively outstanding?

Then you have come to the right place.