Course content
8 sections • 32 lectures • 1h 22m total length
Welcome to Your Online Cinematography Course!
02:06
What is Cinematography?
01:40
Intro to Camera Section
00:59
What is Video Resolution?
05:28
What is Aspect Ratio?
01:48
Why Frame Rate is So Important
03:29
Lenses
04:07
How to Change Resolution and Frame Rate on a DSLR
01:13
How to Change Resolution and Frame Rate on the iPhone
01:54
What's in My Camera Bag?
05:27
Camera Quiz
10 questions
Intro to Exposure Section
00:57
Understanding Aperture for Cinematography
06:35
Why a Little Darker is Always Better
02:05
How Frame Rate and Shutter Speed Affect Exposure
02:03
Exposure Quiz
10 questions
The 6 Perspectives and Storytelling
05:40
Vantage Point
03:23
Rule of Thirds
02:29
The 180 Degree Rule
01:36
Lead Room and Head Room
01:21
Shot Composition Quiz
10 questions
Intro to Movement Section
01:02
Handheld Vs Stabilized
02:30
The Types of Movement in Cinematography
05:20
Starting and Clearing the Scene
01:21
Drone Cinematography
02:21
Movement Quiz
8 questions
Why is Lighting Important for Cinematography?
01:36
Shooting Outdoors With Natural Light
02:32
Shooting Indoors With Controlled Light
01:31
Understanding White Balance / Color Temperature
03:26
Lighting Quiz
10 questions
Intro to Section: Visualize The Scene
01:46
Why the Time of Day Matters
01:39
Before You Go!
01:08
Requirements
All you need is access to any camera (Smartphone, DSLR, Camcorder, etc). That's it!
Description
Want to shoot amazing video like the pros?

This course is designed to deliver you the most up to date cinematography tips WITHOUT all the useless fluff. No one wants to sit through a 9 hour course and walk away with only 2 hours of useful information. This course brings you all the professional knowledge that you need to shoot like a seasoned cinematographer AND you can can start practicing today WITHOUT spending thousands of dollars on expensive gear. It is designed for DSLRs and smartphones so there's nothing stopping you from getting started immediately.

What makes me qualified to teach you?

My name is Dale McManus and I’m a professional Cinematographer, Photographer, and Award-Winning Youtuber. I have a Bachelor’s Degree in Film and 7 years o